[WIP] Support `from_dict` for Tabular Classification dataset (#1331)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added support for `from_dict` for Tabular Classification ([#1331](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash/pull/1331))
> 
> - Added support for `from_dict` for Tabular Regression ([#1331](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash/pull/1331))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for `from_dicts` for Tabular Classification and Regression ([#1331](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash/pull/1331))

```
